1.Difference between Block storage & Object Storage ?
--> Object storage stores and manages all data in an unstructured format and in units called objects. Block storage takes any data, like a file or database entry, and divides it into blocks of equal sizes.

2.Difference between static website & dynamic website ?
--> A static webpage remains the same or fixed, in terms of the content it displays. A dynamic webpage is the opposite, its content changes according to the location of the user, or based on actions a user has made on the page before.

3.What are the naming rules ?
--> Be no more than 3–63 characters long, including the suffix. Consists only of lowercase letters, numbers and hyphens (-). Begin and end with a letter or number. All bucket names must include the following suffix: azid --x-s3 .

4. What is the major resource of S3 Bucket ?
Ans: Buckets,BucketLifecycle,Bucket ACL,BucketCors,BucketNotification,BucketLifecycleConfiguration.

5.Why do we need to host static websites instead of dynamic websites ?
Ans: We need to host static websites bacause this is easy to create and easy to publish also no need to configure database. No need additional service

6.What is versioning & Why do we need versioning ?
Ans: 1. versioning creates multiple versions of an object in one bucket.
     2. support one development code and we need to update that code regurely so using versioning we can update code and versioning create multiple version of that file. And suppose
        in future we want revert changes then that also we can do it using verioning concept.

7. What are the objects and types of objects that we are uploading into the S3 Bucket ?
Ans: 1. Objects are we are uploading in S3 bucket it may be doc, images, codes.
     2. You can upload single object upto 160 Gb in size.
     3. Also maximum size if S3 bucket about 5TB.

8. Why is MFA Delete important in S3 Bucket object level ?
Ans: MFA delete can help prevent accidental bucket deletion. MFA code adding an extra layer of security

9.What is S3 Multipart upload ?
Ans: 1. Multipart upload allows you to upload a single object as a set of parts.
     2. After all parts your objects uploaded, amazon S3 then  presents the data as a single object.

10.What are the storage classes in Amazon S3 ?   —------------------- IMP
Ans:
    1. Amazon S3 Standard(30 days): > It is used for general purpose. Here data is frequnetly accessed.
    2. Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering: > It moves data automatically to the most effective stoareg class
                                      > It automatically decrases the users storage cost.
    
    3. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access(60 Days): > To access less frequently user data, user used standard Infrequent Access.
                                                      > Also it provide rapid access when it required.
                                                      > S3 IA moves objects that have not been accessed in 30 consecutive Days.
    
    4. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access: > In this data is stored in one zone(single AZ), thats why cost is less.
                                             > It it good choice for storing secondary backup.

    5. Amazon S3 Glacier(90 Days): > It is lowest cost storage for long lived data which accessed in few times per year.
                                   > objects are moving that have been not accessed in 90 consecutive Days.

    6. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive(180 Days): > Used for store data long period.
                                                 > Restored data within 10 hours.
                                                 > It is cheapest storage class.

11. What is ACL ?
Ans: ACL stands for access control list. It is used for manage access to buckets and objects.

12.Why do we need ACL ?
Ans: 1. Each bucket and objects has ACL attached to it as a subresource.
     2. When we enable the ACL, then we can change the owenership og object, we can make them public.
     3. ACL defines that which aws account can or groups are granted access and the type of access.
     4. When a requset is received against a resource, amazon s3 checks the corresponding ACL to verify that the requester has the necessary access permission.

13.What is a Life cycle policy ? Why do we need to use the life cycle rule ?
Ans: 1. lifecycle policy consists of one or more rules that determines which images in a repository should be expired.
     2. lifecycle rule used to manage your objects, so that they are stored cost effectively throughout their lifecycle.

14.How can we make our bucket public ?
Ans: S3 -> Bucket -> permission -> Block public access-> enable

15.How can we give public access to our bucket ?
16.Aws pricing factor of the S3 Service.
Ans: 1. You pay for objects in your buckets.
     2. The rate you charged depends on your object size, how long you stored the objects.
     3. Also depends on which storage class you used for store your objects.

17.How can we make our object public ?
Ans: S3 -> Bucket -> Bucket_name -> select object -> Actions -> make object public.
19.How can we configure the static website logs in s3 ?

20.What is CORS ?
Ans: CORS stands for cross-origin resource sharing.It is the one of resource of s3.

21.What is S3 Inventory ?
Ans: 1. Path = S3 → bucket → Management → Inventory rule
     2. Using s3 inventory you can pull the report.
     3. You can configure multiple inventory lists for a bucket
     4. You can create an inventory for collecting the metadata of your nodes.

22.What does it mean by Requester pays ?
ANS: Generally bucket owner pays for storage of data in s3, but if requester is requesting access for the data, then he needs to pay instead of bucket owner.

23. What is the secondary word to Transfer acceleration ? why we need to use this transfer acceleration ?
